Update cmek.md for CMEK support for Konnect Vault (#2335)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/konnect-platform/cmek.md

* Payloads captured through [the {{site.konnect_short_name}} Debugger](/gateway/debugger/)
* Request logs stored in Debugger workflows

> * Data stored in Konnect Vault. Note: for CMEK should be uploaded before a control plane is created for the CMEK to encrypt the data stored in Konnect vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data stored in {{site.konnect_short_name}} Vault. 
   
   {:.info}
   > Note: Encryption keys must be uploaded before creating a control plane for the CMEK to encrypt the data stored in {{site.konnect_short_name}} Vault.
```
